Create consume a service documentation (#1033)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/quick-start-guides/configure-front-end-application-qsg.md

In this step, you are adding the configurations needed for the web app to successfully invoke the **Reading List Service** REST API. These configurations need to be updated for each environment you deploy the web app. Here you will be updating the configurations for the development environment.

!!! note
        The web application is reading the environment-specific configurations from the `window` object at runtime. This is done via the `config.js` file in the root of the web application. In this section, we are mounting the `config.js` file for the development environment. You will need to do the same for other environments as well when you deploy your web application to multiple environments.

> To configure the front-end application, follow the steps given below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the front-end application, follow the steps given below:
```

> 1. While on the web application component page. Click and expand **Dev Ops** in the left menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While on the web application component page, click **DevOps** in the left navigation menu.
```

> 2. Select **Configs and Secrets** sub menu.

Reviewer: Shall we add this also as part of step one as follows?
While on the web application component page, click **DevOps** in the left navigation menu and then click **Configs and Secrets**.

Author: done

> 3. Select **+Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **+ Create**.
```

> 4. Select the below mount configuration options and click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the mount configuration options as follows and click **Next**:
```

    | **Field**             | **Description**                               |
    |-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
    | **Config Type**       | **Config Map**                                |
    | **Mount Type**        | **File Mount**                                |

> 5. Provide the below values for mount configuration

Reviewer: Shall we say `Specify values as follows for the mount configuration:`?

Author: done
